HLA-1070: New build badge for github actions, added installation docs (#1671)
spacetelescope/drizzlepac: doc/source/getting_started/installation.rst

Installation
------------

Conda (Recommended)
===================

> ``Drizzlepac`` is installed when you install the ``stenv`` conda environment, formerly (astropy). Select your desired release through the `stenv readthedocs page <https://stenv.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started.html>`_ and follow the instructions for installation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Drizzlepac`` is installed when you install the ``stenv`` conda environment (a replacement for ``astroconda``). Select your desired release and follow the instructions on the `installation page <https://stenv.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started.html>`_. 
```

From Source
===========

Clone this repository
*********************
.. code-block:: shell

    git clone https://github.com/spacetelescope/drizzlepac
    cd drizzlepac

Build the documentation
=======================

*Note:* If you intend to use ``drizzlepac``'s embedded help feature from within
an interactive ``python`` or ``ipython`` session, we recommend you do not skip
this step.

.. code-block:: shell

>     python setup.py build_sphinx

Reviewer: calling `setup.py` directly is now deprecated; this will not work. You can try this instead:
```suggestion
    cd doc/
    make html
```

Install drizzlepac
==================

> .. code-block:: shell
> 
>     python setup.py install
> 
> SUPPORT for PIP Installation:
> *****************************
> 
> Installation tools are evolving to rely on commands such as ``pip`` 
> to build and install software.  This package can now be installed 
> using the following command:
> 
> .. code-block:: shell
> 
>     pip install .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: shell

    pip install .
```

Installation
------------

Conda (Recommended)
===================

.. code-block:: shell
    
    conda config --add channels http://ssb.stsci.edu/astroconda

>     conda create -n astroconda stsci

Author: Yeah, sorry wasn't thinking. 

Is it necessary for folks to install stenv to use drizzlepac, or can we tell them that we recomend the pip install which seems much easier? The only dependency that is needed other than what you get from anaconda is "crds" which only seems to be needed in some cases. I'm guessing there is a reason for why it is the way it is. 

We should probably add "crds" to the requirements-dev file as well right?
